FP8 example (#3062)
openvinotoolkit/nncf: examples/llm_compression/openvino/smollm2_360m_fp8/README.md

# Large Language Models FP8 Compression Example

> This example demonstrates how to optimize Large Language Models (LLMs) using NNCF quantize API. The example applies FP8 quantization to [HuggingFaceTB/SmolLM2-360M-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceTB/SmolLM2-360M-Instruct) model. This leads to a significant decrease in model footprint and performance improvement with OpenVINO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to apply static FP8 quantization to [HuggingFaceTB/SmolLM2-360M-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceTB/SmolLM2-360M-Instruct) model. It can be useful for evaluation and early HW enablement purposes.
```
